docs(zigbee2mqtt): Add Installation-Guide (#17290)
truecharts/charts: charts/stable/zigbee2mqtt/docs/installation.md

---
title: Installation Hints
---

### TrueNAS SCALE Installation Hints

> Example installation configuration. Check especiially the section "Configure Mount USB Devices" to configure the USB adapter to your container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a default installation of zigbee2mqtt. Pay particular attention to the section "Configure Mount USB Devices" to configure the USB adapter to your container as those two paths should match. 
```

![config1](images/config1.png)
![config2](images/config2.png)
![config3](images/config3.png)
![config4](images/config4.png)
![config5](images/config5.png)

> ![config6](images/config6.png)

Reviewer 2: While images are good, I think some text is needed, so people can search/index and find it

Author: Agree, but since this go's to the very nice overview of all charts. it is the default location to look at. with installation, truecharets and zigbee2mqqt it should be nicely indexable.

![config6](images/config6.png)

THis can be helpfull if you get one of the following error messages:
![error message 1](images/error_log1.png)
![error message 2](images/error_log2.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Ignore the fsnotify watcher error, these two error screens show typical errors when improperly mounting the USB device to the container) 

```

---

> title: Installation Hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Installation Guide for TrueNAS SCALE
```

> ---
> title: Installation Guide for TrueNAS SCALE
> ---
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
title: Installation Guide
---

```

Removing platform from title as there is a section underneath for the platform

### TrueNAS SCALE Installation Hints

Here's an example of a default installation of zigbee2mqtt. Pay particular attention to the section "Configure Mount USB Devices" to configure the USB adapter to your container as those two paths should match. 

![config1](images/config1.png)
![config2](images/config2.png)
![config3](images/config3.png)
![config4](images/config4.png)
![config5](images/config5.png)
![config6](images/config6.png)

> THis can be helpfull if you get one of the following error messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide should prevent one of the following error messages:
```

---

## TrueNAS SCALE Installation Hints

Here's an example of a default installation of zigbee2mqtt. Pay particular attention to the section "Configure Mount USB Devices" to configure the USB adapter to your container as those two paths should match. 

### Application Configuration

Enter `MQTT User`, `MQTT Password` if necessary, as this will override the specific value of config file. Leave empty if you plan to use custom config or you don't have set a user on your MQTT broker.

For `MQTT Server` Internal DNS Cluster IP can be used (default) of `mqtt://mosquitto.ix-mosquitto.svc.cluster.local` or you can use the external IP.

![config1](images/config1.png)
![config1](images/config1.png)
![config2](images/config2.png)
![config3](images/config3.png)
![config4](images/config4.png)
![config5](images/config5.png)

### Mount USB Devices

Make sure `Enable the Storage is Checked` and enter your USB device by ID as per below, in this example we use `/dev/serial/by-id/usb-ithead_SONOFF`

![config6](images/config6.png)

This guide should prevent one of the following error messages:
![error message 1](images/error_log1.png)
![error message 2](images/error_log2.png)

> (Ignore the fsnotify watcher error, these two error screens show typical errors when improperly mounting the USB device to the container)

Reviewer 2: Are we certain that the fsnotify is by improperly mounting the usb and not from a low fsnotify value?

Reviewer: Pretty sure it's the standard too many files open that we get every day on Discord

> (Ignore the fsnotify watcher error, these two error screens show typical errors when improperly mounting the USB device to the container)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
